Add DefaultValueHook for setting default operation parameter values (#270)
jellyfin/jellyfin-sdk-kotlin: openapi-generator/README.md

    used to fix spelling, moving operations to different services or adding operations to additional
    services.

  - **DefaultValueHook**  

>     A hook that allows for changing the default value of parameters in operations. The hook returns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A hook that allows changing the default value of parameters in operations. The hook returns
```

>     A hook that allows for changing the default value of parameters in operations. The hook returns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A hook that allows changing the default value of parameters in operations. The hook returns
```

>     a class that contains the code builder. Generator will use the default value from the JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a class that contains the code builder. The generator will use the default value from the JSON
```

>     a class that contains the code builder. The generator will use the default value from the JSON

Reviewer: Maybe a bit more specific.

```suggestion
    an instance of `CustomDefaultValue` that contains the code builder. The generator will use the default value from the JSON
```

>     schema when all hooks return null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    schema if all hooks return null.
```
